CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
        
        Crocodile game

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
        
        The real world problems it will fix is when parents are having troubles entertaining their children this is the
        the function to give them. It is very interactive for the children and fun at the same time. It is like the version
        of the game snake.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
        
        I will learn how to use functions inside of other functions. I will also have to use various loops so the game
        does not stop until the game is over. Then I will also have to import different modules and libraries to customize
        the window and colors I use. 

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

        Yes I will be separating around 4 different functions which are then called so that the game can be executed.
        For example so opening a new window for the game or another one is when the outside border is hit the game will end.

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

    Yes I will be writing test functions. Since I will have various functions that I will be creating. I will have test functions
    that will match those functions in my program.

